This programme contains
discriminatory language, strong
language and adult humour
We're offering Tom Rudd Northern
Ireland. He's expecting Transport.
He's making Paul Remington
a Cabinet Minister.
Remtard Remington.
I mean, the guy is an epic fuck-up.
He's so dense
that light bends around him.
Come on, people!
Let's get going here.
I've got a to-do list
here that's longer than
a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
Remtard at Energy
and Climate Change. Really?
I'm not getting that.
It's not on here.
How did you get
that about Remington?
Refresh the page.
Ah. Oh, look! Fatty's staying put.
They're not moving Fatty.
That's because they haven't
got five big blokes and a winch.
They couldn't really demote
Fatty because he knows too much.
He doesn't know where
the Rivita's kept.
I've got this reshuffle going on,
the Leamington Spa by-election
coming up.
I've got more on my plate
than a spinster at a wedding.
That wasn't a reference
to your daughter, Andrew.
Well, that's Hugh gone, then.
So sad, isn't it? Hugh.
You don't give a shit.
No, perhaps, I don't.
Northern Ireland Office.
Tom Rudd. Who's Tom Rudd?
Isn't he in Harry Potter?
Tom Rudd is army slang
for standing up buggery.
Doug, Doug, Dougie! Look at you. Cock
the size of the Pink Panther's tail.
Come and have a Kit Kat. I'm
afraid I turned it down, Malcolm.
Do you know that 90% of household
dust is made of dead human skin?
That's what you are. To me.
Doug Hayes is a massive abortion.
Again, not a reference
to your daughter.
We need somebody to plug
this DOSAC hole
Anybody.
A fucking mammal with a head.
Have you to finished
emptying your desks yet?
Yes, don't worry, Terri.
We're ready to go. I'm just trying
to get everything organised
for whenever whoever arrives.
They are going to have
their own people.
It's going to be very embarrassing
if your hand cream's
still in the drawer. Hand cream?!
Whatever men have. I don't know,
electric nose hair trimmers. Ex-lax.
Oh, look at Glenn.
Your face. On the scrapheap
at the tender age of 76.
It's no life for you,
is it, Glenn, this? Hey,
do you want me to call Dignitas?
I could call Indignitas.
They could come round
and shove you out of the
window dressed as a clown.
Simon, Simon!
Get me Nicola Murray. Yeah.
If she says no, the only other
candidate's my left bollock
with a fucking
smiley face drawn on it.
Ladies and gentlemen, may I
introduce the new Secretary of State
for the Department of Social Affairs
and Citizenship, Nicola Murray.
Thank you. Hello.
I'm Nicola. Lovely to meet you.
Hello. I'm Glenn Cullen.
Hello, Ken. Lovely to meet you.
Oliver Reeder. Ollie.
These are just Hugh's,
previous incumbent's...
So it's Ken and... Ollie Reeder.
Are you an Ollie or an Oliver?
Whichever you prefer.
OK, well, I like the name Oliver.
Ollie.
Oh, you are an Ollie. I don't know
why I said that. I'm the ideas man.
PHONE RINGS
Sorry. I just need one second.
Yes, I know.
They frogmarched me into it.
I didn't know. I had no idea.
James, be fair. I left seven
fucking messages for you.
Your secretary or whoever is useless.
I don't think
the school thing's a problem.
It's not because they'll
have vetted me at Number Ten.
And obviously nobody has
soiled themselves or shot me.
Great. Well, I'll take you
warm congratulations as implied.
Fucking arsehole.
All right? Yes, it's all bit crazy.
It just feels like my head's
made entirely of smoke alarms.
It's all a bit, aah!
Well, it was a bit of a shock for us
all. Well, you know, in a good way.
Like twins or a tax rebate.
Yes, let me continue with the tour.
That's such a nice chair.
This was Glenn's office. Any chance
of getting something like that?
Would you like it moved to your
office? That would be great.
Can you do that? Right, Ollie.
Glenn and Ollie, what I need to know
from you really is all the stuff
that Terri's not going to tell me.
Oh, huge list!
Where the bodies are buried.
Yes, the play-pits.
The big cardboard boxes full
of bits of old junior minister.
I'll just go and sort out
that policy list.
Lovely! Urban renewal is a bit
of a running sore. In what way?
Well, it's very woolly and big.
Sounds like a mammoth!
HE LAUGHS
Right. OK.
So, my big thing...
Come in, actually.
Come in to my office with
nowhere to sit or put anything.
My primary focus is social mobility.
That's very much my big thing.
I suppose I'm telling you that
partly to get your take on it,
and also so that you can
start spreading the news
and printing the posters
and, you know,
fire up the turbo-chargers.
Set the phasers to equality.
It's Murray time!
The thing is, and Ollie please
correct me here if I'm wrong...
I will certainly do that.
Social mobility, making
people richer, costs money.
Yes, and we don't have
any of that, really.
If you speak to Nick at the
Treasury, he will tell that.
Only with his annoying lisp.
What you're telling me is that
basically I'm going to be a woman
with a computer and some pens.
Well, if there's the pen budget! I
mean, I have about as much real power
as those twats who sit
either side of Alan Sugar.
Well...yes.
We have got some clothes
for you to look at
for a press photograph later.
We can continue this later, maybe?
Yeah, definitely. You're a size 16?
I'm 12. I'm so sorry. Well,
I'll get those changed, right away.
At the moment,
I've got nobody at all.
Apart from Hugh's guys
who are just, kind of,
so fucking patronising and cold.
Seriously, one of them
looks exactly like
he works in menswear at Selfridges.
I don't know what
the fuck to say to him.
Secretary of State?
Your fruit salad. Oh, I've just
had a couple of press calls.
A couple of the papers asking
about your husband and the PFI.
Already?
My God! They're so...
They're so on it.
Could you brief me? Yes, sorry.
It's honestly nothing.
James works for Albany, which is
the company that was awarded the PFI
prisons contract by this department.
I know that sounds bad.
But actually James wasn't at Albany
when the contracts were awarded
and I wasn't here. Yeah, maybe.
I think you
could just run that by Malcolm.
And he's on his way. Not Malcolm.
What, now? Coming in...
Yes, he'll be up in 25 seconds.
OK. Fuck, right. So Malcolm Tucker,
Malcolm Tucker,
Malcolm Tucker. Malcolm.
I'm not nervous. It's just Malcolm's
sort of one of those things
that I'm aware of without ever having
really come into contact with.
Like a rat.
No, he'd take that.
He thinks of himself more as a
sort of thin, white Mugabe.
Do you think? Because if you are
worried about Malcolm,
we have amassed a few tips
how to deal with him over the years.
We have worked out when he's going
to give you a verbal colonic
and some avoidance manoeuvres.
Tai Kwon spin.
Is this the number one
ladies detective agency?
Malcolm Tucker. The real deal. Hello.
The real deal. Good to see you.
You're looking great.
All right, hinge and bracket, time
to go and hang up your ladycocks.
Nicola Murray.
Here you are, Secretary of State
for the Department of
Social Affairs and Citizenship.
Yup. I now have one of the longest
job titles in western politics.
Thank God I don't have
to wear a lapel badge.
It's a pity we couldn't make
an abbreviation of it,
you know, like PFI.
Which I think stands for
Pretty Fucking Embarrassing.
If you're a bit sloppy about
the details, which clearly
your fucking husband is.
James works for Albany.
He wasn't working
there when the contract was awarded.
Don't worry. That was just me.
That's the sort of thing
the press will throw at you.
You step out of line, they'll be all
over you. Like a pigeon on a chip.
Is that your chair?
Oh, God, yeah. It's cool, isn't it?
It's got lumbar support.
Bin it. People don't like their
politicians to be comfortable.
They don't like you having expenses
or being paid.
They'd rather you
lived in a fucking cave.
OK. Fine.
So, what should I be sitting on?
Should I just get an
upturned KFC bucket?
Just a fucking normal chair. Right?
Not a fucking massive
vibrating throne.
Malcolm must be hating this. All
these bright fresh new ministers to
blood-in and to plan a by-election.
If it's any consolation,
a little bit of you
will always be in this department
because she's nabbed your chair.
She's got your chair and
in fact your dandruff. Ha ha ha(!)
If I go, that chair is coming with
me. You know those old men you see
who go to the park to read
the paper? That will be you.
You could go in your chair. They'd
make you king of all the tramps.
So you've got three kids, yeah?
I've got four. Four!
Katie's 16. She's the eldest.
She's just left school.
Not going to college or university?
She's a bit of a rebel.
What sort of a rebel?
What are we talking here?
Are we talking a pierced navel or
holidays at Pakistani training camp?
It's chiefly heroin.
Although she has cut down
since getting pregnant by
that Nigerian people-smuggler
because the track-marks would
have affected her porn career.
I'm sorry to disturb.
Morning, Malcolm.
Just wanted give you a few
things here.
That's change from the fruit salad.
This is this morning's papers.
Do excuse me.
I'm surprised that you
hadn't vetted me.
I thought you'd know about the kids.
It's just that because you were
just a sort of late-ish kind of
appointment, that didn't quite
give me the time to fuck the
Is and fist the Ts, as
Robert Robinson might say.
Sounds to me like she's only
bringing in one other person.
So I wonder whether she might
keep one of us on permanently.
Thank God, I'm safe. Jee...
We know you're safe, Terri!
How do we know you're safe?
We know you were safe because
you keep using the word safe
like bloody Jim Bowen.
You've got DOSAC, that's safe.
Do you want to go for
the Treasury, young lady?
OK. Mrs Walton.
What about these other kids?
What ages are they?
They're 11, nine and five.
11?
Mm-hmm.
So that's secondary school.
No, she's still at primary.
State primary.
Lovely little school with
terrible SATS results but really good
broad demographic and steel band.
She will be going to
secondary school in September?
Yeah. Yeah.
So, I can see where this is going.
Em, it's not an issue. Great!
If it's not an issue,
I'll fucking toddle off.
I'll go and have a nice
relaxing wee sleep under my duvet.
I won't tug myself off
because I'm so relaxed
because I know that there is
no fucking issue here, right?
She's not going to the
comprehensive, Malcolm.
She's going to a local
independent school.
Jesus H fucking Corbett!
Do you honestly believe that as a
minister you can get away with that?
You are saying that
all your local state schools, all
the schools that this government
has drastically improved,
are knife-addled rape sheds
and that's not a big story?
For fuck's sake.
Sort it or of abort it.
Let's get this clear.
My family is off-limits. All right?
This job is not going to get anywhere
near my husband and my kids.
It just doesn't.
Of course it fucking does!
As per the wee barcode
and the serial number
under your right armpit, you are now
built and owned by the state.
And you are under the
spotlight 24 hours a day, darling.
Do you know what you are?
You're a fucking human dartboard.
And Eric fucking Bristow is on
the oche, flinging a million darts
made of human shit right at you.
Can you take that?
Can you? You, the all-swearing
eye, you didn't even know how many
kids I had. You had to ask me.
So who on earth in the press
is going to either know or care?
Do you remember The Big Breakfast?
You remember it?
You remember how Chris Evans
started that?
You remember it was a big success?
And then they had that
guy Johnny Vaughan. Remember?
Everybody loved him.
Fuck knows why, but they did.
Do you know what this is here?
This here is fucking series 10
of The Big Breakfast.
And do you know what you are?
You're the fucking dinnerlady
that they have asked to
come and present the show.
The reason that I didn't know about
you and your children is cos you
were so low down
on the list of candidates for this
job I didn't even have
the chance to look into you.
So low.
Way, way, way, way, way...
Low.
You are now being scrutinised
for what you wear, what you say,
for your hair, your shoes,
your fucking earrings, your fucking
cleavage and your dress - which,
by the way, is WAY too loud.
Too loud?
Yeah, I'm getting tinnitus here.
Look, your crooked husband,
I can make go away.
But your crooked husband combined
with you being worried
about your under-age daughter coming
home up the duff
from some truanting bastard,
I cannot.
She goes to the comp, OK?
Oh, God!
You, Glenn. And or Ollie.
Terri, just a quick update, really.
How did it go?
Em, it was all very positive.
We sort of know where we all stand
now. The PFI thing you know about.
Not a problem. Malcolm's fine.
Second thing I've
just apprised Malcolm of
is that my 11-year-old daughter
will be going to a private school.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Sorry. OK, it's a personal issue.
I'm not Education Secretary, so...
Nor will you be.
Secretary of State, with respect,
this is political suicide.
Thank you, Glenn(!) I was hoping
there might be a way round this.
I'm sorry, there is no way
around it. It's horrible.
It's a bit like Dover.
You know, if you want to go to
France, you've got go through it.
No, you could go
through Weymouth, Portsmouth...
I don't want
to go to fucking Dover or France.
I just want my daughter to be happy.
Great. Well, that's good.
That's excellent.
That's a super message to send out.
It shows you've got principles...
For fuck's sake, Ollie.
No point telling her just
what she wants to hear.
Also, Terri? I'm sorry, but
personal issues are not my brief.
OK, thank you for that.
The chair, the lumber chair,
has to go in the skip.
Malcolm insisted.
Not now, because I've got work to do.
But if you could get somebody.
Apparently,
if you have a nice chair it
turns you into Saddam Hussein.
This entire building
smells of coleslaw.
So, first Cabinet meeting.
How do you feel?
Anxious, nervous, worried?
Not until you said, "Anxious,
nervous, worried?", like you're
an advert for temazepam.
If I'm sick all over the Foreign
Secretary, would that look bad?
No. Geoffrey Howe shat himself on
his first morning. Ollie, please!
Well, I find that
kind of tomfoolery very tiresome...
What's the driver's name?
Always makes you look more
human if you know their name
and I am human, so... It's Elvis.
Seriously, what's his name?
It's Elvis.
He's from the Ukraine, you see,
and nobody can pronounce the
real name, so they call him
Elvis on account of the...uh-hu-huh.
What? Take a peek.
What's wrong? You look like
you've shat a Lego garage.
Jim Leighton's daughter's standing
as an independent in Leamington Spa.
Fuck.
This is going to split our vote.
Are we in trouble? Maybe we should
have chosen her over Liam Bentley?
No, she thinks just because
her dead fat-arse dad was an MP,
she has the right
to be our candidate. No.
This isn't Tsarist Russia
or the fucking Dimblebys!
What do we do? Send everyone
to support Liam Bentley,
including the Prime Minister.
You want to send Tom up there?
He'll be all right as long
as he doesn't do the smile.
You hit the phones.
I'll be with you in two
shakes of a crying baby.
Wow! The black widow.
Malcolm.
Congratulations. First Cabinet.
I heard you wowed them.
The meeting's just finished.
How would you know that?
PM texted me. He was very impressed.
You could be nominated
for best newcomer. Really?
No.
You knew Jim Leighton, didn't you?
The dead fucker. God rest him.
Yeah, I did a bit, back home.
Very sad. All those weeks
on life support. Nice chair.
Sad? Lying on your back getting
fed nutrients through a tube?
It's my idea of a fucking holiday.
How would you like
to go to Leamington?
When?
This morning.
It's never too soon
to go to Leamington.
I've just taken over a department.
I have a hell of a lot... You're
being asked by the PM specifically
to pop along to Leamington and do
some photo-ops with Liam Bentley,
supporting him, yeah?
I don't really have
any choice, do I?
Of course you have a choice. You
can decide exactly how you say yes.
You can do with a voice.
Have fun with it.
Yes. In my own voice. I look
forward to toasting your success.
Have a lovely time
in Leamington, yeah?
Can I go?
Of course, you can fucking go.
Jesus. Never easy.
Never fucking easy.
Yeah. Hi. Come in.
Um, yeah. Glynn. Glenn.
What do you think of Glenn?
Well, it's sort of like asking what
do I think of skirting boards.
I assume that we need them,
but I'm not sure why.
I'm finding him very old school.
Yes, he's ancient school,
really, Glenn.
He used to get his packed lunch
nicked by Plato. He's an old...
So, I'd like you to come
up to Leamington with me.
Great. Yeah. Well, it's
my favourite of the spa towns.
HE LAUGHS NERVOUSLY
Apart from all the others, so...
OK. Lovely.
If you just get Terri in, please.
Sure.
Terri. Yeah? You're on.
What? What were you and Bravo
Two Zero talking about in there?
Who?
Her in there. Bravo Two Zero.
I don't know what that means, Glenn.
Yes, you do. No, I don't mean that.
I mean Juliet Bravo.
You've completely lost me, Glenn.
Juliet Bravo!
She was a lady policeman.
A lady policeman?! Did the last
30 years not happen to you? What?
Have you been asleep in a box full
of straw like a Blue Peter tortoise?
Lady policeman?!
I've asked Ollie to come
up to Leamington with me. Ollie?
I can't really connect with Glenn.
Um...
You think I shouldn't have asked
Ollie. No, no. I didn't say that.
You sort of did with your face.
No, Ollie has got plenty
of good points it's just
he's a little bit morally bankrupt
and massively self-centred and
a tiny bit dangerously unreliable.
But he has got a lot
of good points, as I say.
Great. Well, thank you.
Can you just send Glenn in for me?
Glenn?
Nicola would like to see you.
Hi, Glenn. Take a seat.
Have you ever worked
in retail, Glenn?
No. Never have.
So, what do you think of Terri?
Do you trust her?
No.
Right.
Because she just told me she sort
of prefers you to Ollie.
When I say I don't trust her...
..what I mean is I don't
trust her around money.
Really?
What? She steals? No, no, no.
I'm not saying anything like that.
Because actually I got very little
change from my fruit salad.
No, let me just row
back a little bit here.
Perhaps all the way
to the boathouse.
Actually, I do trust Terri.
OK.
Your chair's gone. Yeah, I had
to bin it. Malcolm insisted.
But it was MY chair. Right.
It was decadent, Glenn.
It was a chair gone mad.
Do you know where it's gone?
Skip.
I'm really...
I'm sorry for your loss.
I paid £600 for that chair.
How's the hair?
Terri, you'll be delighted to know
that the Secretary of State is now
checking her hair in my glasses.
You're on TV live.
What? Now?
You're on now, apparently.
Why are you squatting down?
Ah, there she is.
Malcolm, Nicola will
be there in a minute.
You're in the shot, actually, Ollie.
Why am I in-shot?
..Nicola Murray.
Thank you. Hi, everybody.
Well, I'm very pleased to see a
number of familiar faces here. Hello.
Isn't she good with the people?
Yes, she is, but then so
is Kate Thornton and she's
wanted for war crimes.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's take
a look at Liam Bentley's
election poster.
Mrs Murray, do you feel
your husband's involvement
in the PFI prisons contract
compromises your position?
I'm just here
to support Liam Bentley.
You don't feel there's a conflict
of interest? No, I really don't.
She's handling this
very well, Malcolm.
Don't you think?
Are you going to resign, Minister?
Oh, shut up, you twat.
I think they're interested
in greater opportunities
for social...
Does she look...? What?
Little bit edgy. Can you please make
sure Nicola's right in the middle?
She doesn't look important enough.
Can you just move her over?
Can you just move for a second?
About here? Perfect. No, no, no.
Jesus, Terri. The letters.
What does it say, Terri!?
It says Liam...Bentley.
No, it doesn't.
Not there, it fucking doesn't.
Whoa! Back where you were, please.
Uh, OK. This is obviously
the hot spot!
Well, OK, if you cropped it.
Of course, if you crop. Malcolm!
You tried. You really tried.
You did your best, mate.
You both did your best. Thanks.
Big smile.
Hi, darling.
Did you see Mummy on the telly?
I know. Did I look funny?
It did. Good boy.
It said, "I am bent".
Have you...? Yes. We're currently
in a no-commenting situation.
Is this now official
nuisance calling?
Great. Someone's just sent
me a YouTube clip which is me
in front of the "I am bent" sign
randomly intercut with
bits from Family Guy.
It's not even funny. Why do
people fucking do that on YouTube?
Look, let's learn
and grow from this experience.
We can make a blacklist of words
you should never stand in front of,
in case the press get to
do something like this.
Peacock. Shuttlecock.
Spatchcock. Anything cock, really.
Do you remember that
folk singer Tim Harding?
You'd be able to get "I'm hard"
out of that.
Coarse fishing. That could be
"arse fish" if you crop that.
Walkie-talkie could be
cropped to see "Alkie" twice.
There are no...
Why would I stand in front of a
walkie-talkie sign? Malcie, Malcie.
You know what,
Howard, she's not bent.
Either in the sense of
being corrupt or being gay.
By the way, that's an incredibly
homophobic headline,
you massive poof.
You've got egg on your face, Howard.
You over-easy pissbag.
Oh, hey, Yoko Ono and the two
remaining Beatles, piss off.
Right, any chance we could just skip
over the usual abuse bit and move
onto the part where we sort this out?
Yeah. You need to make a decision.
Are you still going
ahead with the private school
because if you are we need
a statement saying that
your husband is leaving his job.
Are you taking the piss?
You're expecting me to choose between
fucking up my daughter's life
or my husband's life?
Yeah. So I just have to choose
between them like they're on some
fucking cosmic dessert trolley?
I can't fight on two fronts,
you know.
If the press run with both
stories, you're fucking dead.
You set this up, didn't you?
What?
To put me in my place or get
back at me for ignoring your advice?
Or some other weird perceived slight
that doesn't in any way merit
this massive fucking out of
proportion Israeli-style response.
You don't realise, I'm your fucking
fairy godfather, right? God help me.
I'm your fairy fucking godfather,
but I haven't got a magic wand
that I can wave about.
I've got a fucking Blackberry
and a chiff. You've got a decision
to make. Talk to you later.
Malcolm? Sorry,
could we carry on
talking about that thing?
Was it you who positioned me there?
Do you know what the
first sign of madness is?
Paranoia.
Have you seen that film,
A Beautiful Mind,
with Russell Crowe?
The one where the maths guy
thinks that the CIA
are working away in this shed at the
bottom of his garden. That's you.
No. I'm not the mad one here.
You are the mad one.
You're Russell Crowe. No, no, no.
YOU are Russell Crowe.
And you need to fucking listen to
me, Russell, you fucking Antipodean
fucking kangaroo-loving fruitcake.
See this poster stuff.
That's fucking small fry.
That's whitebait,
Russ, me old cobber.
The really horrible stuff,
that's all still about
to happen to you, right?
Right, are you coming in
here so we can carry this on?
What, now?
If you can spare the time!
Uh, no.
No. I can't. I don't use lifts.
I'm claustrophobic.
You're what?!
Not hugely. I can be in rooms.
You've seen that.
I just don't do lifts. That's all.
But this lift,
I mean, it's fuckng huge.
This is bigger than some rooms. This
is bigger than some people's flats.
It's about not being able to get out.
Oh. Well, that's great.
That's fucking great.
That's another fucking
thing right there.
Not only have you got a fucking
bent husband and a fucking
daughter that gets taken to school
in a fuckng sedan chair,
you're also fucking mental.
Jesus Christ, see you,
you are a fucking
omni-shambles, that's what you are.
You're like that coffee
machine, you know,
"From bean to cup, you fuck up."
He SO is Russell Crowe.
Who?
Nicola. I did want
to tell you that I did try to
get a message through to Ollie.
I know. I've
been doing this a long time now.
By which, I mean in an experienced
firm hand on the tiller sort of way,
not in a clapped-out over the hill
kind of way.
Yeah, I know. I've learned to
look out for these sort of things.
I have developed a kind of
sonar for them now, like a bat.
Glenn, do you want to maybe stay on?
I could use that sonar, batty man.
Right.
Uh, forgive me, I think that's
Jamaican slang for homosexual.
I was thinking that as
I said it. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean... No, no, no.
Right.
I'm on my way down to see you
by the front door of the office.
Have you decided?
Oh, shit. Yes, Malcolm, you know
I have. I decided the minute
you told me I had to decide.
I'm going to change Ella's schools.
Good for you.
I'm going to try to get
your social mobility thing moving.
I'll talk to the Chancellor
and I'm going to keep
banging away at it.
Like Charles Hawtrey
on a sleeping guardsman.
OK.
She's very bright, so...
They say if you're very bright
then it sort of doesn't matter
what school you go to.
That's true.
That is very true.
Hey!
See you later, state educator.
It's a highly expensive
lumbar-support chair,
for God's sake.
Oh, don't be ridiculous!
I mean, that's paper recycling.
It's not going to be there, is it?
I'll call you in the morning
and if you're not there,
you're in big trouble.
Glenn, see this
Dickensian hysteric who's just gone
home, here's what you do, right.
You make like the Great Oz, yeah?
You make a big noise
to impress Nicola,
but secretly you're
wanking behind the curtain to me
all the time. You want me
to pass information to you?
Don't kill yourself, though.
Well, not over this.
I just want you
to make her feel good, you know.
You can be a friend of
Dorothy's, can't you?
Then we'll all get some fucking
peace around here.
Right, I'm away to wipe my arse
on pictures of Nick Robinson.
I'm getting good.
I can give him a quiff.